feat: add `blas/ext/base/wasm/dasumpw` (#5549)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/wasm/dasumpw/docs/repl.txt

    explicit cast *after* calling this method. For example, in order to read
    single-precision floating-point numbers contained in a Float32Array as
    signed 32-bit integers, you must convert the Float32Array to an Int32Array
    after reading memory values using this method.

    If provided an output array having an unknown or "generic" data type,
    elements are read as double-precision floating-point numbers.

    Parameters
    ----------
    byteOffset: integer
        Byte offset at which to start reading values.

    out: ArrayLikeObject
        Output array for storing read values.

    Returns
    -------
    mod: Module
        Module wrapper instance.

    Examples
    --------
    > var mem = new {{alias:@stdlib/wasm/memory}}( { 'initial': 0 } );
    > var mod = new {{alias}}.Module( mem );
    > mod.initializeSync();
    > mod.realloc( 100 );
    > mod.write( 0, [ 1, 2, 3, 4 ] );
    > var out = [ 0, 0, 0, 0 ];
    > mod.read( 0, out );
    > out
    [ 1, 2, 3, 4 ]

{{alias}}.Module.prototype.main( N, xp, sx )
    Adds a scalar constant to each double-precision floating-point strided

>     array element and computes the sum using an improved Kahan–Babuška
>     algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    array element and computes the sum using pairwise summation.
```

>     Adds a scalar constant to each double-precision floating-point strided
>     array element and computes the sum using an improved Kahan–Babuška
>     algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Computes the sum of absolute values (L1 norm) of double-precision
    floating-point strided array elements using pairwise summation.
```

    Parameters
    ----------
    N: integer
        Number of indexed elements.

    xp: integer
        Input array pointer (i.e., byte offset).

    sx: integer
        Stride length.

    Returns
    -------
    sum: number
        Sum.

    Examples
    --------
    > var mem = new {{alias:@stdlib/wasm/memory}}( { 'initial': 1 } );
    > var mod = new {{alias}}.Module( mem );
    > mod.initializeSync();

    // Define a "pointer" (i.e., byte offset) into module memory:
    > var xptr = 0;

    // Write data to module memory:
    > mod.write( xptr, {{alias:@stdlib/array/one-to}}( 3, 'float64' ) );

    // Perform computation:
    > var s = mod.main( 3, xptr, 1 )
    6.0

{{alias}}.Module.prototype.ndarray( N, xp, sx, ox )

>     Adds a scalar constant to each double-precision floating-point strided
>     array element and computes the sum using an improved Kahan–Babuška algorithm
>     and alternative indexing semantics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Computes the sum of absolute values (L1 norm) of double-precision
    floating-point strided array elements using pairwise summation and
    alternative indexing semantics.
```
